The problem - Traffic Source quality analysis
Core business is about estimation of Internet traffic from a small sample of users (traffic source). 
In this assignment, you are asked to evaluate the quality of three potential such sources.

Provided input:
(1) Learning set contains actual traffic measurements for each site 
(2) Sources contain traffic measurement from 3 traffic sources. 
Each table is composed of the following columns: 
SourceID - Identifies the source which sample the row belongs
Site - the domain name of the site (for example google.com). 
(Note: although information can be extracted from the site URL, it is not part of the scope of this exercise) 
Number of Visits - an Internet traffic metric representing the number of visits to each site for that source.

Tasks
Explore the learning set and describe it. 
Provide 1-2 metrics or visualizations in your description. Does it match your intuitions about Internet traffic?
 (~1 hours)

Explore the given sources and describe them. 
Do you notice any qualitative differences between the different sources? Provide 2-3 metrics and visualizations to support your claims.
Why is the scale of each source different? (~2 hours)

Explore: How well can each source be used to estimate the learning set? 
What are each source’s strengths and weaknesses? 
Again, provide 2-3 metrics and visualizations to support your claims. (~2 hours)

Can you think of a strategy that employs data from all three sources that will create a better estimator for the learning set? 
Describe your strategy and demonstrate the improvement it provides. (~2 hours)

Required Output
- A notebook or script containing your exploratory code that has led you to your findings. 
Clear comments and headlines are highly encouraged. Visualizations are better than tables where applicable. 
Note that more is not necessarily better! 
you may briefly mention forsaken avenues of analysis if you believe those are important, 
try to focus on a few key metrics and analyses that provide the most for your final reasoning.

- (Nice to have) A short (at most 10 slides) presentation that contains your main findings. 
Please try to be concise and not present cluttered slides. Ideally this will contain the visualizations that best explain your findings.
